CONTRIBUTING.md
LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
package.json
pyproject.toml
setup.cfg
setup.py
docs/Makefile
docs/make.bat
docs/requirements.txt
docs/source/changelog.md
docs/source/conf.py
docs/source/contributing.md
docs/source/dev_docs.md
docs/source/dev_install.md
docs/source/dev_release.md
docs/source/dev_testing.md
docs/source/developer_docs.rst
docs/source/embedding.md
docs/source/examples.md
docs/source/index.rst
docs/source/migration_guides.md
docs/source/user_install.md
docs/source/examples/Beat Frequencies.ipynb
docs/source/examples/Controller.ipynb
docs/source/examples/Exploring Graphs.ipynb
docs/source/examples/Export As (nbconvert).ipynb
docs/source/examples/Factoring.ipynb
docs/source/examples/Image Browser.ipynb
docs/source/examples/Image Processing.ipynb
docs/source/examples/Index.ipynb
docs/source/examples/Layout Example.ipynb
docs/source/examples/Layout Templates.ipynb
docs/source/examples/Lorenz Differential Equations.ipynb
docs/source/examples/Media widgets.ipynb
docs/source/examples/Output Widget.ipynb
docs/source/examples/Using Interact.ipynb
docs/source/examples/Variable Inspector.ipynb
docs/source/examples/Widget Alignment.ipynb
docs/source/examples/Widget Asynchronous.ipynb
docs/source/examples/Widget Basics.ipynb
docs/source/examples/Widget Custom.ipynb
docs/source/examples/Widget Events.ipynb
docs/source/examples/Widget List.ipynb
docs/source/examples/Widget Low Level.ipynb
docs/source/examples/Widget Styling.ipynb
docs/source/examples/Widget TagsInput.ipynb
docs/source/examples/images/Big.Buck.Bunny.mp3
docs/source/examples/images/Big.Buck.Bunny.mp4
docs/source/examples/images/MultilanguageKernels.graffle
docs/source/examples/images/MultilanguageKernels.png
docs/source/examples/images/ParallelKernels.graffle
docs/source/examples/images/ParallelKernels.png
docs/source/examples/images/VizInteractCompute.graffle
docs/source/examples/images/VizInteractCompute.png
docs/source/examples/images/WidgetArch.graffle
docs/source/examples/images/WidgetArch.png
docs/source/examples/images/WidgetModelView.graffle
docs/source/examples/images/WidgetModelView.png
docs/source/examples/images/align-content.svg
docs/source/examples/images/align-items.svg
docs/source/examples/images/align-self.svg
docs/source/examples/images/applayout-weather.png
docs/source/examples/images/assoc.svg
docs/source/examples/images/busy.svg
docs/source/examples/images/custom-widget-hello.png
docs/source/examples/images/custom-widget-result.png
docs/source/examples/images/display.svg
docs/source/examples/images/execute.svg
docs/source/examples/images/flex-container.svg
docs/source/examples/images/flex-direction1.svg
docs/source/examples/images/flex-grow.svg
docs/source/examples/images/flex-items.svg
docs/source/examples/images/flex-wrap.svg
docs/source/examples/images/flexbox.png
docs/source/examples/images/gaussian_with_grid.png
docs/source/examples/images/gaussian_with_grid_tiny.png
docs/source/examples/images/grid-area.png
docs/source/examples/images/grid-cell.png
docs/source/examples/images/grid-justify-self-center.png
docs/source/examples/images/grid-justify-self-end.png
docs/source/examples/images/grid-justify-self-start.png
docs/source/examples/images/grid-justify-self-stretch.png
docs/source/examples/images/grid-line.png
docs/source/examples/images/grid-start-end-a.png
docs/source/examples/images/grid-start-end-b.png
docs/source/examples/images/grid-start-end-d.png
docs/source/examples/images/grid-track.png
docs/source/examples/images/inputoutput.PNG
docs/source/examples/images/justify-content.svg
docs/source/examples/images/order-2.svg
docs/source/examples/images/state.svg
docs/source/examples/images/state_sync.svg
docs/source/examples/images/transport.svg
docs/source/examples/images/widgetcomm.svg
docs/source/examples/images/widgetcomm2.svg
docs/source/examples/images/widgets.PNG
ipywidgets/__init__.py
ipywidgets/_version.py
ipywidgets/embed.py
ipywidgets/state.schema.json
ipywidgets/view.schema.json
ipywidgets.egg-info/PKG-INFO
ipywidgets.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
ipywidgets.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
ipywidgets.egg-info/not-zip-safe
ipywidgets.egg-info/requires.txt
ipywidgets.egg-info/top_level.txt
ipywidgets/tests/__init__.py
ipywidgets/tests/test_embed.py
ipywidgets/widgets/__init__.py
ipywidgets/widgets/docutils.py
ipywidgets/widgets/domwidget.py
ipywidgets/widgets/interaction.py
ipywidgets/widgets/trait_types.py
ipywidgets/widgets/valuewidget.py
ipywidgets/widgets/widget.py
ipywidgets/widgets/widget_bool.py
ipywidgets/widgets/widget_box.py
ipywidgets/widgets/widget_button.py
ipywidgets/widgets/widget_color.py
ipywidgets/widgets/widget_controller.py
ipywidgets/widgets/widget_core.py
ipywidgets/widgets/widget_date.py
ipywidgets/widgets/widget_description.py
ipywidgets/widgets/widget_float.py
ipywidgets/widgets/widget_int.py
ipywidgets/widgets/widget_layout.py
ipywidgets/widgets/widget_link.py
ipywidgets/widgets/widget_media.py
ipywidgets/widgets/widget_output.py
ipywidgets/widgets/widget_selection.py
ipywidgets/widgets/widget_selectioncontainer.py
ipywidgets/widgets/widget_string.py
ipywidgets/widgets/widget_style.py
ipywidgets/widgets/widget_tagsinput.py
ipywidgets/widgets/widget_templates.py
ipywidgets/widgets/widget_upload.py
ipywidgets/widgets/tests/__init__.py
ipywidgets/widgets/tests/test_docutils.py
ipywidgets/widgets/tests/test_interaction.py
ipywidgets/widgets/tests/test_link.py
ipywidgets/widgets/tests/test_selectioncontainer.py
ipywidgets/widgets/tests/test_send_state.py
ipywidgets/widgets/tests/test_set_state.py
ipywidgets/widgets/tests/test_traits.py
ipywidgets/widgets/tests/test_widget.py
ipywidgets/widgets/tests/test_widget_box.py
ipywidgets/widgets/tests/test_widget_float.py
ipywidgets/widgets/tests/test_widget_image.py
ipywidgets/widgets/tests/test_widget_output.py
ipywidgets/widgets/tests/test_widget_selection.py
ipywidgets/widgets/tests/test_widget_string.py
ipywidgets/widgets/tests/test_widget_templates.py
ipywidgets/widgets/tests/test_widget_upload.py
ipywidgets/widgets/tests/utils.py
ipywidgets/widgets/tests/data/jupyter-logo-transparent.png