DEVELOPMENT.md
MANIFEST.in
README.md
requirements.txt
setup.cfg
setup.py
bookiesports/__init__.py
bookiesports/cli.py
bookiesports/datestring.py
bookiesports/exceptions.py
bookiesports/log.py
bookiesports/normalize.py
bookiesports.egg-info/PKG-INFO
bookiesports.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
bookiesports.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
bookiesports.egg-info/entry_points.txt
bookiesports.egg-info/requires.txt
bookiesports.egg-info/top_level.txt
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/AmericanFootball/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/AmericanFootball/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/AmericanFootball/NFL#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/AmericanFootball/bettingmarketgroups/NFL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/AmericanFootball/bettingmarketgroups/NFL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/AmericanFootball/bettingmarketgroups/NFL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/AmericanFootball/participants/NFL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/AmericanFootball/rules/R_NFL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/AmericanFootball/rules/R_NFL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/AmericanFootball/rules/R_NFL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Baseball/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Baseball/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Baseball/MLB#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Baseball/bettingmarketgroups/MLB_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Baseball/bettingmarketgroups/MLB_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Baseball/bettingmarketgroups/MLB_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Baseball/participants/MLB_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Baseball/rules/R_MLB_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Baseball/rules/R_MLB_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Baseball/rules/R_MLB_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Basketball/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Basketball/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Basketball/NBA#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Basketball/bettingmarketgroups/NBA_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Basketball/bettingmarketgroups/NBA_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Basketball/bettingmarketgroups/NBA_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Basketball/participants/NBA_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Basketball/rules/R_NBA_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Basketball/rules/R_NBA_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Basketball/rules/R_NBA_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Ice Hockey/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Ice Hockey/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Ice Hockey/NHL#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Ice Hockey/bettingmarketgroups/NHL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Ice Hockey/bettingmarketgroups/NHL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Ice Hockey/bettingmarketgroups/NHL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Ice Hockey/participants/NHL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Ice Hockey/rules/R_NHL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Ice Hockey/rules/R_NHL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Ice Hockey/rules/R_NHL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/Bundesliga/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/CL/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/EPL/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/EuropaLeague/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/FACup/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/InternationalFriendlies/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/SER-A/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/SLL/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_MO_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_0.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_1.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_2.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_3.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_4.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_5.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_6.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/participants/Bundesliga_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/participants/EPL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/participants/SER-A_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/participants/SLL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/participants/participants.py
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_MO_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_0.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_1.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_2.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_3.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_4.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_5.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/alice/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_6.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/AmericanFootball/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/AmericanFootball/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/AmericanFootball/NFL#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/AmericanFootball/bettingmarketgroups/NFL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/AmericanFootball/bettingmarketgroups/NFL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/AmericanFootball/bettingmarketgroups/NFL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/AmericanFootball/participants/NFL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/AmericanFootball/rules/R_NFL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/AmericanFootball/rules/R_NFL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/AmericanFootball/rules/R_NFL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Baseball/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Baseball/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Baseball/MLB#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Baseball/bettingmarketgroups/MLB_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Baseball/bettingmarketgroups/MLB_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Baseball/bettingmarketgroups/MLB_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Baseball/participants/MLB_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Baseball/rules/R_MLB_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Baseball/rules/R_MLB_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Baseball/rules/R_MLB_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Basketball/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Basketball/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Basketball/NBA#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Basketball/bettingmarketgroups/NBA_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Basketball/bettingmarketgroups/NBA_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Basketball/bettingmarketgroups/NBA_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Basketball/participants/NBA_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Basketball/rules/R_NBA_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Basketball/rules/R_NBA_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Basketball/rules/R_NBA_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Ice Hockey/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Ice Hockey/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Ice Hockey/NHL#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Ice Hockey/bettingmarketgroups/NHL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Ice Hockey/bettingmarketgroups/NHL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Ice Hockey/bettingmarketgroups/NHL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Ice Hockey/participants/NHL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Ice Hockey/rules/R_NHL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Ice Hockey/rules/R_NHL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Ice Hockey/rules/R_NHL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/Bundesliga/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/CL/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/EPL/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/EuropaLeague/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/FACup/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/InternationalFriendlies/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/SER-A/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/SLL/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_MO_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_0.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_1.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_2.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_3.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_4.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_5.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_6.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/participants/Bundesliga_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/participants/EPL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/participants/SER-A_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/participants/SLL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/participants/participants.py
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_MO_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_0.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_1.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_2.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_3.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_4.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_5.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/beatrice/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_6.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/AmericanFootball/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/AmericanFootball/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/AmericanFootball/NFL#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/AmericanFootball/bettingmarketgroups/NFL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/AmericanFootball/bettingmarketgroups/NFL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/AmericanFootball/bettingmarketgroups/NFL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/AmericanFootball/participants/NFL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/AmericanFootball/rules/R_NFL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/AmericanFootball/rules/R_NFL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/AmericanFootball/rules/R_NFL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Baseball/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Baseball/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Baseball/MLB#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Baseball/bettingmarketgroups/MLB_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Baseball/bettingmarketgroups/MLB_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Baseball/bettingmarketgroups/MLB_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Baseball/participants/MLB_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Baseball/rules/R_MLB_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Baseball/rules/R_MLB_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Baseball/rules/R_MLB_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Basketball/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Basketball/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Basketball/NBA#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Basketball/bettingmarketgroups/NBA_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Basketball/bettingmarketgroups/NBA_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Basketball/bettingmarketgroups/NBA_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Basketball/participants/NBA_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Basketball/rules/R_NBA_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Basketball/rules/R_NBA_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Basketball/rules/R_NBA_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Ice Hockey/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Ice Hockey/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Ice Hockey/NHL#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Ice Hockey/bettingmarketgroups/NHL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Ice Hockey/bettingmarketgroups/NHL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Ice Hockey/bettingmarketgroups/NHL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Ice Hockey/participants/NHL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Ice Hockey/rules/R_NHL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Ice Hockey/rules/R_NHL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Ice Hockey/rules/R_NHL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/Bundesliga/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/CL/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/EPL/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/EuropaLeague/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/FACup/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/InternationalFriendlies/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/SER-A/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/SLL/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_MO_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_0.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_1.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_2.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_3.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_4.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_5.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_6.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/participants/Bundesliga_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/participants/EPL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/participants/SER-A_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/participants/SLL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/participants/participants.py
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_MO_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_0.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_1.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_2.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_3.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_4.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_5.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/charlie/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_6.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/AmericanFootball/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/AmericanFootball/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/AmericanFootball/NFL#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/AmericanFootball/bettingmarketgroups/NFL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/AmericanFootball/bettingmarketgroups/NFL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/AmericanFootball/bettingmarketgroups/NFL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/AmericanFootball/participants/NFL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/AmericanFootball/rules/R_NFL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/AmericanFootball/rules/R_NFL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/AmericanFootball/rules/R_NFL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Baseball/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Baseball/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Baseball/MLB#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Baseball/bettingmarketgroups/MLB_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Baseball/bettingmarketgroups/MLB_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Baseball/bettingmarketgroups/MLB_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Baseball/participants/MLB_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Baseball/rules/R_MLB_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Baseball/rules/R_MLB_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Baseball/rules/R_MLB_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Basketball/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Basketball/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Basketball/NBA#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Basketball/bettingmarketgroups/NBA_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Basketball/bettingmarketgroups/NBA_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Basketball/bettingmarketgroups/NBA_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Basketball/participants/NBA_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Basketball/rules/R_NBA_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Basketball/rules/R_NBA_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Basketball/rules/R_NBA_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Ice Hockey/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Ice Hockey/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Ice Hockey/NHL#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Ice Hockey/bettingmarketgroups/NHL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Ice Hockey/bettingmarketgroups/NHL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Ice Hockey/bettingmarketgroups/NHL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Ice Hockey/participants/NHL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Ice Hockey/rules/R_NHL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Ice Hockey/rules/R_NHL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Ice Hockey/rules/R_NHL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/Bundesliga/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/CL/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/EPL/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/EuropaLeague/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/FACup/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/InternationalFriendlies/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/SER-A/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/SLL/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_MO_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_0.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_1.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_2.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_3.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_4.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_5.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_6.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/participants/Bundesliga_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/participants/EPL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/participants/SER-A_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/participants/SLL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/participants/participants.py
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_MO_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_0.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_1.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_2.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_3.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_4.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_5.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/elizabeth/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_6.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/AmericanFootball/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/AmericanFootball/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/AmericanFootball/NFL#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/AmericanFootball/bettingmarketgroups/NFL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/AmericanFootball/bettingmarketgroups/NFL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/AmericanFootball/bettingmarketgroups/NFL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/AmericanFootball/participants/NFL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/AmericanFootball/rules/R_NFL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/AmericanFootball/rules/R_NFL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/AmericanFootball/rules/R_NFL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Baseball/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Baseball/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Baseball/MLB#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Baseball/bettingmarketgroups/MLB_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Baseball/bettingmarketgroups/MLB_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Baseball/bettingmarketgroups/MLB_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Baseball/participants/MLB_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Baseball/rules/R_MLB_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Baseball/rules/R_MLB_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Baseball/rules/R_MLB_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Basketball/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Basketball/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Basketball/NBA#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Basketball/bettingmarketgroups/NBA_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Basketball/bettingmarketgroups/NBA_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Basketball/bettingmarketgroups/NBA_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Basketball/participants/NBA_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Basketball/rules/R_NBA_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Basketball/rules/R_NBA_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Basketball/rules/R_NBA_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Ice Hockey/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Ice Hockey/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Ice Hockey/NHL#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Ice Hockey/bettingmarketgroups/NHL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Ice Hockey/bettingmarketgroups/NHL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Ice Hockey/bettingmarketgroups/NHL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Ice Hockey/participants/NHL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Ice Hockey/rules/R_NHL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Ice Hockey/rules/R_NHL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Ice Hockey/rules/R_NHL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/Bundesliga/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/CL/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/EPL/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/EuropaLeague/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/FACup/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/InternationalFriendlies/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/SER-A/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/SLL/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_MO_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_0.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_1.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_2.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_3.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_4.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_5.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_6.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/participants/Bundesliga_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/participants/EPL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/participants/SER-A_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/participants/SLL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/participants/participants.py
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_MO_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_0.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_1.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_2.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_3.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_4.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_5.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/fred/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_6.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/AmericanFootball/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/AmericanFootball/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/AmericanFootball/NFL#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/AmericanFootball/bettingmarketgroups/NFL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/AmericanFootball/bettingmarketgroups/NFL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/AmericanFootball/bettingmarketgroups/NFL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/AmericanFootball/participants/NFL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/AmericanFootball/rules/R_NFL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/AmericanFootball/rules/R_NFL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/AmericanFootball/rules/R_NFL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Baseball/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Baseball/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Baseball/MLB#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Baseball/bettingmarketgroups/MLB_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Baseball/bettingmarketgroups/MLB_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Baseball/bettingmarketgroups/MLB_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Baseball/participants/MLB_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Baseball/rules/R_MLB_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Baseball/rules/R_MLB_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Baseball/rules/R_MLB_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Basketball/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Basketball/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Basketball/NBA#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Basketball/bettingmarketgroups/NBA_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Basketball/bettingmarketgroups/NBA_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Basketball/bettingmarketgroups/NBA_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Basketball/participants/NBA_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Basketball/rules/R_NBA_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Basketball/rules/R_NBA_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Basketball/rules/R_NBA_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Ice Hockey/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Ice Hockey/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Ice Hockey/NHL#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Ice Hockey/bettingmarketgroups/NHL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Ice Hockey/bettingmarketgroups/NHL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Ice Hockey/bettingmarketgroups/NHL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Ice Hockey/participants/NHL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Ice Hockey/rules/R_NHL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Ice Hockey/rules/R_NHL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Ice Hockey/rules/R_NHL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/Bundesliga/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/CL/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/EPL/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/EuropaLeague/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/FACup/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/InternationalFriendlies/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/SER-A/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/SLL/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_MO_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_0.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_1.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_2.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_3.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_4.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_5.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_6.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/participants/Bundesliga_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/participants/EPL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/participants/SER-A_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/participants/SLL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/participants/participants.py
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_MO_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_0.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_1.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_2.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_3.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_4.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_5.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/gladiator/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_6.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/AmericanFootball/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/AmericanFootball/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/AmericanFootball/NFL#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/AmericanFootball/bettingmarketgroups/NFL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/AmericanFootball/bettingmarketgroups/NFL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/AmericanFootball/bettingmarketgroups/NFL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/AmericanFootball/participants/NFL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/AmericanFootball/rules/R_NFL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/AmericanFootball/rules/R_NFL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/AmericanFootball/rules/R_NFL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Baseball/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Baseball/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Baseball/MLB#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Baseball/bettingmarketgroups/MLB_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Baseball/bettingmarketgroups/MLB_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Baseball/bettingmarketgroups/MLB_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Baseball/participants/MLB_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Baseball/rules/R_MLB_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Baseball/rules/R_MLB_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Baseball/rules/R_MLB_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Basketball/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Basketball/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Basketball/NBA#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Basketball/bettingmarketgroups/NBA_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Basketball/bettingmarketgroups/NBA_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Basketball/bettingmarketgroups/NBA_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Basketball/participants/NBA_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Basketball/rules/R_NBA_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Basketball/rules/R_NBA_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Basketball/rules/R_NBA_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Ice Hockey/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Ice Hockey/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Ice Hockey/NHL#RegSeas/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Ice Hockey/bettingmarketgroups/NHL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Ice Hockey/bettingmarketgroups/NHL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Ice Hockey/bettingmarketgroups/NHL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Ice Hockey/participants/NHL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Ice Hockey/rules/R_NHL_HCP_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Ice Hockey/rules/R_NHL_ML_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Ice Hockey/rules/R_NHL_OU_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/README.md
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/Bundesliga/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/CL/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/EPL/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/EuropaLeague/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/FACup/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/InternationalFriendlies/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/SER-A/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/SLL/index.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_MO_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_0.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_1.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_2.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_3.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_4.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_5.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/bettingmarketgroups/Soccer_OU_6.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/participants/Bundesliga_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/participants/EPL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/participants/SER-A_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/participants/SLL_Teams_2021-22.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/participants/participants.py
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_MO_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_0.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_1.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_2.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_3.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_4.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_5.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/bookiesports/hercules/Soccer/rules/R_Soccer_OU_6.5_1.yaml
bookiesports/schema/bettingmarketgroup.yaml
bookiesports/schema/definitions.yaml
bookiesports/schema/eventgroup.yaml
bookiesports/schema/network.yaml
bookiesports/schema/participant.yaml
bookiesports/schema/rule.yaml
bookiesports/schema/sport.yaml