[console_scripts]
gf = greatfet.commands.gf:main
greatfet = greatfet.commands.gf:main
greatfet_DS18B20 = greatfet.commands.greatfet_DS18B20:main
greatfet_adc = greatfet.commands.greatfet_adc:main
greatfet_adf7242 = greatfet.commands.greatfet_adf7242:main
greatfet_chipcon = greatfet.commands.greatfet_chipcon:main
greatfet_dac = greatfet.commands.greatfet_dac:main
greatfet_dmesg = greatfet.commands.greatfet_dmesg:main
greatfet_firmware = greatfet.commands.greatfet_firmware:main
greatfet_fw = greatfet.commands.greatfet_firmware:main
greatfet_host-tools = greatfet.commands.greatfet_host_tools:main
greatfet_i2c = greatfet.commands.greatfet_i2c:main
greatfet_info = greatfet.commands.greatfet_info:main
greatfet_jtag = greatfet.commands.greatfet_jtag:main
greatfet_led = greatfet.commands.greatfet_led:main
greatfet_loadable = greatfet.commands.greatfet_loadable:main
greatfet_logic = greatfet.commands.greatfet_logic:main
greatfet_msp430 = greatfet.commands.greatfet_msp430:main
greatfet_pattern = greatfet.commands.greatfet_pattern:main
greatfet_pirate = greatfet.commands.greatfet_pirate:main
greatfet_sdir = greatfet.commands.greatfet_sdir:main
greatfet_shell = greatfet.commands.greatfet_shell:main
greatfet_spi-flash = greatfet.commands.greatfet_spiflash:main
greatfet_spiflash = greatfet.commands.greatfet_spiflash:main
greatfet_uart = greatfet.commands.greatfet_uart:main
greatfet_usb-capture = greatfet.commands.greatfet_usb_capture:main

