Paragraphs contain text and may contain inline markup: *emphasis*,
**strong emphasis**, ``inline literals``, standalone hyperlinks
(http://www.python.org), external hyperlinks (Python_), internal
cross-references (example_), external hyperlinks with embedded URIs
(`Python web site <http://www.python.org>`__), footnote references
(manually numbered\ [1]_, anonymous auto-numbered\ [#]_, labeled
auto-numbered\ [#label]_, or symbolic\ [*]_), and substitution
references (|example|).
Character-level inline markup is also possible (although exceedingly
ugly!) in *re*\ ``Structured``\ *Text*.  Problems are indicated by
|problematic| text (generated by processing errors; this one is
intentional).

.. _example:

The default role for interpreted text is `Title Reference`.  Here are
some explicit interpreted text roles: a PEP reference (:PEP:`287`); an
RFC reference (:RFC:`2822`); a :sub:`subscript`; a :sup:`superscript`;
and explicit roles for :emphasis:`standard` :strong:`inline`
:literal:`markup`.

.. DO NOT RE-WRAP THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPH!

Let's test wrapping and whitespace significance in inline literals:
``This is an example of --inline-literal --text, --including some--
strangely--hyphenated-words.  Adjust-the-width-of-your-browser-window
to see how the text is wrapped.  -- ---- --------  Now note    the
spacing    between the    words of    this sentence    (words
should    be grouped    in pairs).``


.. _Python: http://www.python.org/

.. |EXAMPLE| image:: ../images/biohazard.png


.. [1] A footnote contains body elements, consistently indented by at
   least 3 spaces.

.. [#label] Footnotes may be numbered, either manually (as in [1]_) or
   automatically using a "#"-prefixed label.

.. [#] This footnote is numbered automatically and anonymously using a
   label of "#" only.

.. [*] Footnotes may also use symbols, specified with a "*" label.

.. [CIT2002] Citations are text-labeled footnotes. They may be
   rendered separately and differently from footnotes.
